feat(logs,metrics): add Sumo Logic Mock and debug features to helm chart (#3520)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/helm/sumologic/README.md

| `pvcCleaner.job.securityContext`                                                      | The securityContext configuration for the pvcCleaner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `{"runAsUser": 1000}`                                                                                                                                                                |
| `debug.logs.collector.print`                                                          | Set to `true` to print logs processed by log collector on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `debug.logs.collector.stopLogsIngestion`                                              | Set to `true` to prevents sending log collector logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents incresing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of log collector logs.                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `debug.logs.collector.stopLogsIngestion`                                              | Set to `true` to prevent sending log collector logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents increasing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of log collector logs.                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `debug.logs.metadata.forwardToSumologicMock`                                          | Set to `true` to forward logs processed by metadata statefulset also to Sumo Logic Mock.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `debug.logs.metadata.print`                                                           | Set to `true` to print logs processed by log metadata pods on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `debug.logs.metadata.stopLogsIngestion`                                               | Set to `true` to prevents sending log metadata logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents incresing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of log metadata logs.                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `debug.logs.metadata.stopLogsIngestion`                                               | Set to `true` to prevent sending log metadata logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents increasing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of log metadata logs.                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `debug.metrics.collector.print`                                                       | Set to `true` to print logs processed by metric collector on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `debug.metrics.collector.stopLogsIngestion`                                           | Set to `true` to prevents sending metric collector logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents incresing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of metric collector logs.                                                                                                                                          | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `debug.metrics.collector.stopLogsIngestion`                                           | Set to `true` to prevent sending metric collector logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents increasing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of metric collector logs.                                                                                                                                          | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `debug.metrics.metadata.forwardToSumologicMock`                                       | Set to `true` to forward metrics processed by metadata statefulset also to Sumo Logic Mock.                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `debug.metrics.metadata.print`                                                        | Set to `true` to print logs processed by metric metadata pods on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `debug.metrics.metadata.stopLogsIngestion`                                            | Set to `true` to prevents sending metric metadata logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents incresing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of metric metadata logs.                                                                                                                                            | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `debug.metrics.metadata.stopLogsIngestion`                                            | Set to `true` to prevent sending metric metadata logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents increasing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of metric metadata logs.                                                                                                                                            | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
